Fixes #5418 - Change Manchester (EGCC) Zulu Taxiways (#5425)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

# Changes from release 2024/09 to 2024/10

> 1. AIRAC (2410) - Changed Manchester (EGCC) zulu taxiways  - thanks to @rishab-alt 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. AIRAC (2410) - Updated Manchester (EGCC) Zulu taxiways and holds - thanks to @rishab-alt 
```

# Changes from release 2024/08 to 2024/09
1. AIRAC (2409) - Changed Conington (EGSF) Radio frequency - thanks to @kristiankunc (Kristián Kunc)
2. AIRAC (2409) - Expanded Manchester (EGCC) construction area - thanks to @kristiankunc (Kristián Kunc)
3. AIRAC (2409) - Changed Leeds (EGNM) Stand numbers - thanks to @rishab-alt

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Erroneous blank line
